Added Google to  storage back-end options list (#4151)
gravitational/teleport: docs/4.3/architecture/teleport_auth.md

Data Type        | Supported Back-ends       | Notes
-----------------|---------------------------|---------
Cluster state    | `dir`, `etcd`, `dynamodb`,`firestore` | Multi-server (HA) configuration is only supported using `etcd`, `dynamodb`, and `firestore` back-ends.
Audit Log Events | `dir`, `dynamodb`, `firestore`         | If `dynamodb` is used for the audit log events, `s3` back-end **must** be used for the recorded sessions.

> Recorded Sessions| `dir`, `s3`, `gcp`               | `s3` is mandatory if `dynamodb` is used for the audit log.

Reviewer: I wonder whether it's mandatory to use `gcp` as storage if you have `firestore` as the backend, similar to how you must use `s3` if you use `dynamodb`.

@benarent @russjones Do you know?

Author: would be good to give guidance if we expect you need to have a s3 or google storage with firestore.

Reviewer: Agreed. I'm not 100% sure why it's a hard requirement for AWS either.

> Recorded Sessions| `dir`, `s3`, `gcp`               | `s3` is mandatory if `dynamodb` is used for the audit log.

Reviewer 2: `gcp` isn't a valid entry here. I looked into it, and nothing in storage is set, it looks like this. `gs://` for Google Cloud Storage is required. 

```diff
  storage:
    type: firestore
    collection_name: cluster-data
    # Credentials: Path to google service account file, used for Firestore and Google Storage.
    credentials_path: /var/lib/teleport/gcs_creds.json
    project_id: example_Teleport-Project-Name
    audit_events_uri: 'firestore://events?projectID=example_Teleport-Project-Name&credentialsPath=/var/lib/teleport/gcs_creds'
+    audit_sessions_uri: 'gs://teleport-session-storage-2?`
```

Reviewer 2: also note this bug https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/issues/3992

Author: @benarent  I changed it to gs and put a note that gs is google storage.  Anything else we want to put here?

Reviewer 2: `gs` isn't currently supported, that's a bug. It can only be set via the audit_sessions_uri: 'gs:// for now.

> Recorded Sessions| `dir`, `s3`, `gcp`               | `s3` is mandatory if `dynamodb` is used for the audit log.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Recorded Sessions| `dir`, `s3`               | `s3` is mandatory if `dynamodb` is used for the audit log.
```

> Recorded Sessions| `dir`, `s3`, `gs`               | `s3` is mandatory if `dynamodb` is used for the audit log. `gs` is Google storage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Recorded Sessions| `dir`, `s3`              | `s3` is mandatory if `dynamodb` is used for the audit log. For Google Cloud storage use `audit_sessions_uri: 'gs://`
```
